Create rule S6443: React state setter function should not be called with its matching state variable (#1103)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6443/javascript/rule.adoc

> React components have a built-in `state` object. This object is used to store property values of the component. When `state` changes, the component is re-rendered. React provides the `useState` hook to declare `state` variables, and returns the state variable and a setter function to update its value.

Reviewer: It's not always object strictly speaking
```suggestion
React components have a built-in `state` data. This data is used to store component property values. When `state` changes, the component is re-rendered. For functional components to manage `state`, React provides the `useState` hook, it provides the state value and a setter function to update its value.
```

> When the setter function is called with the state variable as a parameter, nothing will happen. This can happen by mistake when attempting to reset a default value, invert a boolean, among others.

Reviewer: I think if we want to use `among others` we should add `or` in `to reset a default value, invert a boolean`

> When the setter function is called with the state variable as a parameter, nothing will happen. This can happen by mistake when attempting to reset a default value, invert a boolean, among others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the setter function is called with the state variable as a parameter, nothing will happen. This can happen by mistake when attempting to reset a default value or invert a boolean, among others.
```

> This rule raises an issue when calling the setter function with the same state variable provided by `useState` React hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule raises an issue when calling the setter function with the state variable provided by the same `useState` React hook.
```
